dx-1015 added info on MIP and references to it (#457)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-resource.md

| └➔&nbsp;`prices`         | `object`     | The `prices` resource lists the prices related to a specific payment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| └➔&nbsp;`prices.id`      | `string`     | {% include field-description-id.md resource="prices" %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| └➔&nbsp;`description`    | `string(40)` | {% include field-description-description.md documentation_section=documentation_section %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | └➔&nbsp;`payerReference` | `string`     | The reference to the payer (consumer/end user) from the merchant system. E.g mobile number, customer number etc.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| └➔&nbsp;`payerReference` | `string`     | The reference to the payer (consumer/end user) from the merchant system. Can be mobile number, e-mail address, account number, a UUID, etc.                                                                                                     |
```

| └➔&nbsp;`prices`         | `object`     | The `prices` resource lists the prices related to a specific payment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| └➔&nbsp;`prices.id`      | `string`     | {% include field-description-id.md resource="prices" %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| └➔&nbsp;`description`    | `string(40)` | {% include field-description-description.md documentation_section=documentation_section %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | └➔&nbsp;`payerReference` | `string`     | The reference to the payer (consumer/end user) from the merchant system. Can be mobile number, e-mail address, account number, a UUID, etc.                                                                                                    

Reviewer 2: Codacy found an issue: [[hard-break-spaces] Use two spaces for hard line breaks](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5744986)

> | └➔&nbsp;`payerReference` | `string`     | The reference to the payer (consumer/end user) from the merchant system. Can be mobile number, e-mail address, account number, a UUID, etc.                                                                                                    

Reviewer 2: Codacy found an issue: [[hard-break-spaces] Use two spaces for hard line breaks](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5744986)

{% endcase %}

[user-agent]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_agent

> [merchant-identified-payer]: /payment-menu/other-features#merchant-identified-payer

Reviewer: I think `payment-menu` in the URL here is going to cause problems in the other sections including `payment-resource.md`.

> [merchant-identified-payer]: /payment-menu/other-features#merchant-identified-payer

Reviewer 2: Codacy found an issue: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5744986)
